fix: fix getInstanceId() wrong link (#1063)
react-native-community/react-native-device-info: README.md

<details>
  <summary>[android] - Unable to merge dex / Multiple dex files / Problems with `com.google.android.gms`</summary>

> `react-native-device-info` uses `com.google.android.gms:play-services-gcm` to provide [getInstanceId()][#getinstanceid].

Reviewer: Strangely, in the details section none of the links worked. So my suggestion here is just to describe it instead of linking. It was definitely broken before though, good catch! What do you think of this?

```suggestion
`react-native-device-info` uses `com.google.android.gms:play-services-gcm` to provide the implementation for Instance ID fetching.
```

Author: sorry,there is another mistake, it should be '()' not '[]', i should have check it
